Adding basic example (#883)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-workerpools.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

> ## Basic example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic examples

```

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic examples

> This example will list the worker pools in the default space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the worker pools in the default space:
```

```text
octo list-workerpools --server="https://MyOctopusServer" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey"
```

> This example will list the worker pools in space [Target - PostgreSQL](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-243)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the worker pools in space [Target - PostgreSQL](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-243):
```
